fix(node agent): update compatibility requirements with newer features (#8346)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/apm/agents/nodejs-agent/getting-started/compatibility-requirements-nodejs-agent.mdx

* [Hapi](https://www.npmjs.com/package/hapi)
* [Koa](https://www.npmjs.com/package/koa) 2.0.0 or higher ([external module](https://github.com/newrelic/node-newrelic-koa) loaded with the agent)
* [Fastify](https://www.npmjs.com/package/fastify)

> * [Next.js](https://www.npmjs.com/package/next) 12.0.9 or higher (12.2.0 or higher required for middleware instrumentation)

Reviewer: ooh, good point

* [Microsoft Azure](/docs/nodejs/nodejs-agent-on-microsoft-azure)
* [Heroku](/docs/nodejs/nodejs-agent-on-heroku)

## HTTP/1.1

> The Node.js agent instruments the native `http` module. In addition, the popular [undici](https://www.npmjs.com/package/undici) client is also supported.

Reviewer: as mentioned in standup.  currently undici is not generally available.  you must set `feature_flag.undici_instrumentation = true`

> The Node.js agent instruments the native `http` module. In addition, the popular [undici](https://www.npmjs.com/package/undici) client also has experimental support.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Node.js agent instruments the native `http` module. 

In addition, the popular [undici](https://www.npmjs.com/package/undici) client has experimental support as well. To use undici, be sure to set `feature_flag.undici_instrumentation = true` in the `newrelic.js` [configuration file](/docs/apm/agents/nodejs-agent/installation-configuration/nodejs-agent-configuration/#methods-and-precedence).
```

## gRPC

> * The [grpc-js](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@grpc/grpc-js) library is supported for unary, streaming, or bidirectional client calls.

Reviewer: 🎉
